Remove IQP Classic (#2289)
Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime: release-notes/unreleased/2289.upgrade.rst

Since IBM Quantum Platform Classic was sunset on 1 July, 2025, the ``ibm_quantum`` channel is no
longer supported from ``qiskit-ibm-runtime``. Saved ``ibm_quantum`` channel accounts and data will not be accessible. 
Use the ``ibm_quantum_platform`` channel instead. See our 
[migration guide](https://docs.quantum.ibm.com/migration-guides/classic-iqp-to-cloud-iqp) 

> for more details. 

Reviewer: We'll have to fix the wording once the date is finalized.

> Since IBM Quantum Platform Classic was sunset on 1 July, 2025, the ``ibm_quantum`` channel is no
> longer supported from ``qiskit-ibm-runtime``. Saved ``ibm_quantum`` channel accounts and data will not be accessible. 
> Use the ``ibm_quantum_platform`` channel instead. See our 
> [migration guide](https://docs.quantum.ibm.com/migration-guides/classic-iqp-to-cloud-iqp) 
> for more details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the sunset of IBM Quantum Platform Classic, the ``ibm_quantum`` channel is no
longer supported from ``qiskit-ibm-runtime``. Saved ``ibm_quantum`` channel accounts and data will not be accessible. 
Use the ``ibm_quantum_platform`` channel instead. See our 
[migration guide](https://docs.quantum.ibm.com/migration-guides/classic-iqp-to-cloud-iqp) 
for more details. 
```
